# Mobile Web Specialist Certification Course
---
#### _Three Stage Course Material Project - Restaurant Reviews_

## Project Overview: Stage 1

For the **Restaurant Reviews** projects, you will incrementally convert a static webpage to a mobile-ready web application. In **Stage One**, you will take a static design that lacks accessibility and convert the design to be responsive on different sized displays and accessible for screen reader use. You will also add a service worker to begin the process of creating a seamless offline experience for your users.

### Note about ES6

Most of the code in this project has been written to the ES6 JavaScript specification for compatibility with modern web browsers and future proofing JavaScript code. 

### Task specification

1. Convert the provided site to use a responsive design .

Notes:

* Bootstrap and other CSS frameworks should not be used; all responsiveness should be done with CSS.
* Use appropriate document type declaration and viewport tags
* Create a responsive grid-based layout using CSS
* Use media queries that provide fluid breakpoints across different screen sizes
* Use responsive images that adjust for the dimensions and resolution of any mobile device

2. Implement accessibility features in the site HTML (most of this HTML is generated by JavaScript functions).

3. Add a ServiceWorker script to cache requests to all of the site’s assets so that any page that has been visited by a user will be accessible when the user is offline. Only **caching** needs to be implemented, no other ServiceWorker features.



